chore(docs): update docker.md docs to add `--recursive` while cloning (#4043)
CircuitVerse/CircuitVerse: installation_docs/docker.md

1. Fork current repository
2. Clone the forked repository
    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:<username></username>/CircuitVerse.git --recursive
    ```

>     - incase you missed using the `--recursive` during the cloning, then use
>         ```bash
>         git submodule update --init
>         ```
>         to clone the contents of submodule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use 'git submodule update --init' to get the contents of the submodule if you missed using the '--recursive' option while cloning the repository or if you have already done so.
```

Reviewer: @Arnabdaz just update the suggested content in other places, we are GTG to merge this
